Current Macros:
	Space: Start Level
	Q: Show level start animation
	P+B: Go to main menu and restart game
	Left: Toggle left emotion
	Right: Toggle right emotion
	Space: Advance IRC chat text
	Y: Next encounter

Level structure gameplan:

Tutorial area:
	Learn about moving and hitting barricades
	Learn about turning and more moving
	Learn about aiming at moving high-priority targets
	Learn about dodging the bullets of targets
	Learn about arrangments of enemies and targets
	Learn about bombs
	Learn about respawning (The player model is destroyed by a giant lazer blast and then respawns,
				The dialog makes mention towards rebooting your systems).
	Enter rest of the game


First room is a single room with a transforming layout. Here the characters give you a basic
rundown of the situation + the story. Similar to the training rooms in fps games, it's essentially
a controlled environment for the player to learn the game an controls.
(story wise, the characters chat a bit about how it's a "loading room" and what not)

Level layouts:
1. Generic circuit card
	Standard arena shooting
	The last layout acts like a 4 player pong game. Need to destroy all 4 "paddles" which have master nodes embeded in it. The pong balls bounce
	around and explode into stuns on impact
2. Transistor corridor
	Cooridoor shooting
	-Nixed for time/redundant with 5-2
3. Graphics card
	A mix of arena into cooridoor shooting. Has a tps kind of feel like the later nier levels
4. Multi level'd circuit board
	An isometric jaunt
	Cut floors
5. Dramatic circle boss chamber
	Just a staging area/cutscene area
5-2. Groove coaster inspired tube ride
	Groove coaster x Touhou x credits


//Complicated deprecated level designs
First gameplay room:
A boxhead like sandbox environment. Survive against multiple waves of incoming enemies and what not. Ends with a roaming boss fight.


Second gameplay room:
A great-cave offensive kind of confusing layouts. Multiple rooms that link together through. Everything leads to a central room with a large locked door
This section ends with the player exiting a door and going "outside". 
-Insert some kind of creative boss fight



Third gameplay room:
An outdoorsy looking environment. Terrain and layout resemble an outdoor canyon. Takes a traditional shmup kind of feel, with regards to 3d landscape passing underneath
and elevated background terrain. 
-Possibly make it a top down shooter segment like the traditional shmups (ie, ikaruga, american flash game stuff with helicopters etc).
-At the end, the player goes through a hangar entrance into the central area. This is the "core" of the system.
-Insert some kind of creative boss fight



Central complex cooridor: This level is basically several smaller rooms surrounding a central room. 
The player goes through the surrounding rooms and then enters the central room.
-Maybe have a boss fight?


Boss fight: The boss fight has 3 phases
1. A fight in the central floor which is a twin stick sort of affair. The fight takes place in a
"rising elevator" like fashion
2. After that fight, the next fight takes place in a horizontal cooridoor and acts like a sidescrolling 
shmup level
3. The final fight takes place in a vertical cooridoor and plays like a touhou game (its the most intense)



Good boss fight riffs
(Stationary tower (ala contra))
(massive hangar door airship thing (like most american arcade game things))
(Space invader clone lol?)
(Shatter tier breakout style boss fight)